How dare you call me
It's your mother who wants you to get pregnant
Pregnant
And don't you forget, it's all yours.
I'm telling you, don't threaten me
If it's a big deal, I'll stab it out and die together
I'll give you 500,000
Shut your mouth
Chen Yuning is here for you.
What is Chen Yuning doing?
Hey, it's your turn.
Come on in. Okay
Chen Yuning stop
You let me go
You're hurting me.
Why didn't you tell me in front of the child?
Why should I tell you that this child is mine?
because
Because I am the father of the child, you are not humming
You have never cheated on another man
You check me
Tell you what
The result is still the same
Do you still want to keep this child?
Maybe you'll be like last time
You think I cheated you out of money?
What happened last time was a misunderstanding
Anyway, this child is my master
I forbid you to kill him
What do you mean?
You want to keep him?